#summary Step-by-Step Instructions to Run The Latest Arora

= Step-by-Step Instructions to Run The Latest Arora =

== Introduction ==

Arora is still in early development, which means that there are no compiled installable packages yet. To try the latest code, follow this guide.


== Step 1: Make sure git is installed. ==
To see if git is installed, open up a terminal window and type `git`. If it is not installed, the terminal will report back command not found. If it is installed, you'll receive the git help text. To install git: [http://code.google.com/p/msysgit/downloads/list Windows], [http://code.google.com/p/git-osx-installer/downloads/list?can=3 Mac], and for Linux, use your distro's package manager.

_Note: you will also need a compiler chain. Mac users should install the xcode tools, Windows users should install cygwin/mingw, and Linux users should use their distro's manager. Windows users may also need to tweak a few aspects. Use google to figure this out._

== Step 2: Open terminal and make code directory. ==
Open your terminal. It is a good idea to make a directory to hold all the code we'll be downloading in your home folder. Issue these commands:
{{{
$ mkdir AroraCode
$ cd AroraCode
}}}

== Step 3: Download and compile qt-snapshot. ==
If you already have qt 4.4 or greater installed, you can skip this step. Otherwise issue these commands to get the latest qt snapshot:
{{{
$ git clone --depth 1 git://labs.trolltech.com/qt-snapshot
$ cd qt-snapshot
$ ./configure -no-accessibility -no-exceptions -no-qt3support -nomake examples -nomake demos -nomake tools -nomake docs -nomake translations
}}}

Accept the licence. At the end of this, jot down the directory that qt will be installed into. On my computer it is `/usr/local/Trolltech/Qt-4.5.0-snapshot-20080518`. Now we are ready to compile and install qt. This will take a while. Type: `make && sudo make install` and press enter.

_*Optional*_: If you ever want to update the qt snapshot, you can issue these commands:
{{{
$ cd ~/AroraCode/qt-snapshot
$ git pull
$ make && sudo make install
}}}

== Step 4: Download and compile the latest Arora. ==
Now we will download the latest tree of Arora. Issue these commands:
{{{
$ cd ~/AroraCode
$ git clone git://github.com/icefox/arora.git
$ cd arora
$ (path you jotted down where qt is installed)/bin/qmake
On my machine, this looks like: /usr/local/Trolltech/Qt-4.5.0-snapshot-20080518/bin/qmake
$ make
}}}
Arora is now compiled. To run arora, simply run `./arora` from the current directory (`~/AroraCode/arora`).

_*Optional*_: To update to the latest Arora in the future, you can issue these commands:
{{{
$ cd ~/AroraCode/arora
$ git pull
$ make
}}}