Making Arora fit better in KDE4

= Introduction =

As it is today Arora doesn't fit as well as it could into KDE4.  Below is a list of ideas on ways to improve that

== Details ==

The following should already happen
  * Use the default KDE style (Oxygen)
  * Use KDE shortcuts
  * Use KDE icons (given by the style)
  * Desktop file should appear in the KDE menu
  * Import Konq's bookmarks (Both applications use XBel format, this could even be a shared file via a sym links)
  * Use XDG for opening files/folders
  * Use XDG for getting the location for the data, cache, and settings folder.

== TODO ==

In Oxygen
  * Oxygen needs to overload standardIconImplementation and return the  KDE icons for the back/forward/stop/reload and other icons so Arora  will get them rather then the standard ones oxygen is giving today.
  * Oxygen needs to add support several new QTabBar style hints that  were added in 4.5 http://labs.trolltech.com/blogs/2008/07/02/some-qtabbar-qtabwidget-love/
  * Oxygen has rendering issues in qtwebkit with line edits and buttons.
  * Oxygen does not cause the KDE file dialog to be used for some reason (How does QtCreator do it?).
  * honor the QLineEdit background contents rect so in LocationBar::paintEvent where we paint the background yellow for https sites we're are not painting a larger area than oxygen does

In Arora
  * Use the new proxy stuff in 4.5 which in theory will pickup KDE's  proxy setting in the future.
  * Don't use activate in the bookmark manager/cookie manager (Need to  test in kde)

Other
  * KRunner integration. Konqueror's history and bookmarks are supported in a search-and-open functionality, but the importance of this feature is debatable, as KRunner is not well-known.

Q ->K (We would get)
  * Toolbar dots/handles, KDE apps have "Lock/Unlock Toolbars" option in context menu (to hide/show them), along with stuff like text position, orientation and icon size.
  * KDE icons in menus