#summary Major Projects TODO list

= Introduction =

This is a list of major projects that need to be done for Arora.  Rather then being a simple patch or two each of these are larger project that need to be developed in a branch with possible patches going into other projects such as Qt, QtWebKit, KDE, or Kubuntu.  New UI elements should have Autotests and Manualtests.  All of these projects will require an amount of research to determine what features are needed and will often contain many sub tasks.

I (Ben) have started on each one of these, but of course time is limited so I am going through them one by one.  If someone is looking a more interesting project to tackle here is a list.

= Details =

Cookies
  * Cookies need to just work for users.
  * Owner: Benjamin Meyer
  * Current Status: Arora has a new cookie jar, there are patches going into Qt and QtWebKit and any reported cookie issues are being investigated.

KDE Integration
  * Make sure KDE users are happy with Arora, they are most likely initial set of users. 
  * Pretty much complete http://code.google.com/p/arora/wiki/KDE4Integration patching KDE style if need be.

Plugins
  * Support plugins with QScript
  * Owner: Benjamin Meyer
  * P1 Arora needs an action manager.
  * P2 QScript plugin infrastructure.
  * Current Status: Starting to work on this again :)

Autofill forms
  * A standard browser feature and one of the highest wanted features.  This includes configuration dialogs.

Top Sites start page
  * A rich widget that show images of the top sites.  Safari4 really nails this feature.  Maybe make something in html, graphicsview or the new qt-kinetics?  This will become the face of Arora.

Click to Play for flash
  * Flash is unstable and its memory leaks and crashes makes Arora look bad.  Arora should have click to play with a whitelist by default.
  * Webkit plugin?  Determine how this is implemented on other browsers and the best way to do this for Arora 

Url Icons
  * Currently url icons with QtWebKit are broke,
  * P1 QtWebKit must be fixed/enhanced and then we can get icons or get a signal when they are loaded
  * P2 Patch the toolbar, menu, and dialogs to load the icon
  * manyoso has started patches for qtwebkit and arora

Location Bar
  * Currently a simple crude text search on the url from the start of the url.  Modern browsers support much more

RSS
  * P1 Library: download / parse/ fetch  rss/atom with autotests (copy tests from other rss libraries) 
  * P2 UI: location bar widget, webpage, settings