The Arora source code is in a git repository and the main repository is currently hosted on github.com

== Checkout ==

To checkout a copy of the source execute the following command

 {{{ git clone git://github.com/Arora/arora.git }}}

== Browse ==

To browse the source code go to: http://github.com/Arora/arora

== Information about Git ==
More information about git include tutorials and GUI tools can be found at http://git.or.cz/

== Building ==

For beginner instructions, read [BeginnerStepByStepInstructions].

Arora requires Qt version 4.4 or newer. Get Qt from http://www.trolltech.com/ : [http://doc.trolltech.com/installation.html Official Install Instructions] and [http://trolltech.com/downloads/opensource Download Page]. On Linux check with your distribution for packages.

Simple steps to build Arora:
{{{
git clone git://github.com/Arora/arora.git
cd arora
qmake
make
}}}
Type `nmake` instead of `make` if using Visual C++ to compile.

=== Building with QtWebKit Trunk ===
If you want to use Arora with QtWebKit trunk you need to get a copy WebKit trunk as well at Qt 4.4.  Setting the environment variables QT_WEBKIT and WEBKITDIR and rebuilding Arora will cause it to use QtWebKit trunk.  See the file 'src/webkittrunk.pri' in Arora's source for more details and customizations you might need to do to point it to the location of your QtWebKit checkout.

Simple steps to build QtWebKit trunk:

{{{
$ svn checkout http://svn.webkit.org/repository/webkit/trunk WebKit
$ cd WebKit
$ ./WebKitTools/Scripts/build-webkit --qt --release
}}}

!WebKit will be built in the subdirectory *!WebKitBuild/Release/*

And the build Arora with it:

{{{
$ cd /path/to/arora/source
$ export QT_WEBKIT=webkit_trunk
$ export WEBKITDIR=$HOME/dev/webkit
$ qmake
$ make clean
$ make
}}}

QtWebKit should pick up the plugins that are installed in your system.  It will look in the normal locations and if it works in firefox it should also work in arora.  If plugins don't work you can double check that arora is using webkit trunk run running ldd on arora to make sure it is using the correct webkit library.