#summary The Unsorted drop zone

Todo file for Arora

= Introduction =

This is short term dumping ground for bugs, tasks, ideas, and suggestions.

=== Misc ===
  * http://blog.pavlov.net/2008/03/11/firefox-3-memory-usage/
  * http://people.opera.com/~pettern/performance-1.html
  * http://people.opera.com/~pettern/performance-2.html
  * scrolling is slow
  * Scrollwheel speed/response time sucks
  * can't log into Greenpages

=== QtWebKit Issues ===
  * http://torchrelay.beijing2008.cn/en/journey/map/ show box or something when someone wants flash
  * Frames based stuff can be tested at: http://www.koffice.org/developer/apidocs/
  * Is the page secure?
  * http://www.webtoolkit.eu/ crash
  * [205030] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austrian_economics assert on OS X
  * [205252] put address in maps.google.com, progressbar doesn't fill all the way
  * [205260] Frames, cursor doesn't change to a splitter when resizing
  * [205271] Paste multi-line onto a webkit line edit, only first line is pasted
  * [205278] goldoptimusprime.com title doesn't have a drop down
  * [205281] select character encoding
  * [205286] Tab focus on slashdot.org is slow
 * Find, hit enter, link isn't followed
 
=== Qt Issues ===
  * hover over history menu doesn't show up in statusbar on Linux
  * cookie need to accept sub domains
  * Network needs to use a cache
  * file download name need to be determined from network header
  * right click on the left side of the toolbar the menu should be empty, but it shows the menu for the first item

DemoBrowser (general)
  * clear everything dialog (extension?)
  * cache SSL ignore's
  * http://www.explosm.net/comics/1226/ files that are downloaded, work around bug in file
  * Fullscreen/maximize issue
  * In statusbar: "Loading "url", completed 66 of 74 items"
  * drop bookmarks file on demo
  * QMenu with no parent for OS X
  * right click on bookmarks toolbar
  * google search client so we stop being Safari
  * view source in right click menu
  * syntax highlight in source view, find in source view
  * multiple start pages with a '|'
  * put your cursor in the location bar; press tab. Focus should be in the search widget.
  * error pages screw up history

  * Enable the page cache in QtWebKit (see QWebSettings for that), a simple calculation like having 10 tabs with forward and back should work fast you are at 20 pages.

  * Make sure you have a homepage set (trolltech.com is fine), and start 
browser.  It takes a while before loading is completed (before you see 
the 'stop' change into reload) and in that time the location bar is set to 
the current value several times.
Which is damn annoying when I try to type a new location ;)
I expect that whatever the state, if I start typing in the location bar, 
browser will not overwrite it again with a new value.

* bug (in master aka 4.5);  when I start browser I have no favicos in my 
history menu.  When I select one entry from it (which changes the menu), or 
just wait a while and close and reopen the menu; I get all the favicos.  Race condition?

DemoBrowser (maybe or nice to have or investigate later)
  * Save find string per frame/view/tab
  * Download file ends with .download an then renamed?
  * Close all message box, add a checkbox to not show again
  * When there is only 1 tab the tabwidet should be "hidden"

=== Extensions ===
  * KWallet integration
  * Set the user agent
  * GreaseMonkey
  * Maybe could help with scripting design http://amarok.kde.org/blog/archives/611-Scriptable-Services.html

=== Urllineedit ===
  * fix layout of left and right object in reverse mode.
  * gradient in OS X
  * completer menu is not to the edges of the line edit

=== Tabs ===
  * When webpage title is null set the tab title to the url
  * Change "clone tab" -> "duplicate tab"

=== Bookmarks ===
  * Bookmark dialog?

=== Bookmarks Dialog===
  * Select a bunch and move, order reversed, screwed up
  * Select multiple, right click and delete
  * Can't delete a folder if it has items, right click menu item should be disabled

=== Bookmark Bar ===
  * drop url on tab bar ether opening a new url or when on a tab in that tab
  * Should be able to show icons

History/Bookmarks
  * Put the bookmark manager with history manager in a tab so the undo/redo can appear in the menu
  * History, select multiple
  * Bookmarks Dialog right click menu, flesh out
  * View local Bonjor Servers
  * http://live.gnome.org/Epiphany/BookmarksHistoryIntegration
  * Top 10

History data
  * how long, when does the page close
  * referer url
  * sync
  * time with timezone?
  * screenshot?

  * http://www.reason.com/blog/show/125077.html 

  * QUrl("http://ad.firstadsolution.com/st?ad_type=iframe&ad_size=728x90&section=260705&pub_redirect_unencoded=1&pub_redirect=http://optimized-by.rubiconproject.com/t/1655/1667/3956.41648?redirect_url=")  

Tab ideas:
  * https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/3726
  * http://www.eccentrix.com/members/peterg/fftabs/index.html
  * img248.imageshack.us/img248/3260/tabprototypeuo4.png