#summary Translating Arora into other languages
#labels Featured

This page contains instructions that you could use to contribute to Arora by translating its interface into another language. 

= Instructions =

  * Download the latest source code from git. See [source] for instructions on how to do that and set up a Qt development environment.
  * Open the file src/locale/locale.pri. If your ISO language code (lang_COUNTRY) is not in the TRANSLATIONS section, add it to the list:

{{{
TRANSLATIONS += \
  locale/xx_XX.ts \     # line to add, replace xx with your language code
  locale/ru_RU.ts \
  locale/en.ts \
...
}}}

  Do not bother to actually create the file, lupdate will do this for you.
  * Run this command:

{{{
lupdate ../src/src.pro
}}}

  or under Windows:

{{{
(path to Qt bin directory)\lupdate.exe ..\src\src.pro
}}}

  * Open the src/locale directory inside the source. It should now contain the .ts file for your language.
  * Open the file in Qt Linguist. If you need help using that program, see [http://doc.trolltech.com/4.4/linguist-manual.html the official Qt Linguist documentation].
  * Save the file when you're finished translating.

The new translation will now be integrated into both Unix installations (`make install`) and the Windows installer created by the `windowsinstaller.nsi` script.

To test the language under Linux you can set the LANG environment variable.  You can run 'LANG=foo ./arora' where foo is the translation you are working on.

To ask the developers to add the translation to the main source tree, you can:
  * If you modified an existing file check the locale/maintainers file to see if you should email the change to the maintainer of that locale.
  * Create a github.com branch with your translation, as outlined in [contributing].
  * Alternatively, create an issue in the Google Code issue tracker, with a summary like "Add translation into the X language" (or "Update X translation" if one already exists), and attach the .ts file.